docs: add remote-per-output (#2761)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/fetch.md

The `--all-branches`, `--all-tags`, and `--all-commits` options enable fetching
files/dirs referenced in multiple Git commits.

> Order of priority of remotes:
> 
> 1. `remote` specified in a corresponding dvcfile for particular output.
> 2. `--remote` CLI option.
> 3. `core.remote`config option (see `dvc remote default`).
> 
> See `dvc remote` for more information on how to configure remotes.

Reviewer: Feel free to apply this copy edit to the other instances:
```suggestion
The `dvc remote` used is determined in order, based on

1. the `remote` fields in the `dvc.yaml` or `.dvc` files.
2. the value passed to the `--remote` option via CLI.
3. the value of the `core.remote` config option (see `dvc remote default`).
```
